Hope you enjoyed the previous tutorial on assessing your cap curve and today's from us that we're going
to go through the capture of template which I have prepared for you and I've already downloaded the
templates you can get it in the course materials.
I'm going to my desktop here.
And in fact I'm actually going to copy it into my project folder.
There it is copy.
There we go.
And so now I'm going to get excel and open up the cap curve template and I'll walk you through it.
So it is on zoomed in.
Normally it's like like this this size.
So this is zoomed in.
And here you can see your confusion matrix which will be populated as soon as you're copying the data
which is always nice to have like a nice bonus for you over there.
But mainly the cap cover is over here.
This is the main working area for the cap curve and going from the top you can see right away.
Total number of exited.
That's the total number of successes that you're going to have in this column in column B Colombe so
from here downwards then success I mean of course like ones in your binary outcome for the dependent
variable then a total requisite total number of rows are going to have in your data preset exited is
the rate at which there exists a 1 divided by the other row number is basically just required so that
you have a row numbering here then exited.
Is your binary outcome so your actual what was actually observed.
And that is what your model predicted.
So your the probability that the model predicts for that specific row number to exit and that's where
the row numbers in there.
And then you've got the grey blue and pink as we discussed previously.
So what you need to do and we'll do this in a second what we're you will need to do is you need to copy
your daughter here and has to be ordered so you see this
instruction here and that means that you have to order your daughter by the hat first in descending
order so the most probable people to exit should be at the top which makes sense right.
So you're going to if you're going to contact them you're going to contact the most likely ones to perform
the action first and then after you've copied your daughter in order in its ordered form then you will
need to populate this bit so you'll have to delete this row and then just drag this cell downwards.
Just this one row.
This these six cells you just drag them downwards to match the number of rows you have here.
So let's go ahead and do all of that.
Whereas our project folder and now we are going to look for chern modeling forecasts so that data set
that we prepared previously I'm going bring up another excel and I'm going to drag churn morning for
.
Boy here's a quick tip for you if you want to bring up another excel like I did here.
Somebody quite a few people have asked me this actually.
Very easy on your Start Menu which I don't have brought up because it's on my other screen.
All you have to do is you know how you click excel there.
You left click to bring up a program in that in the toolbar.
It's the taskbar in the taskbar.
Well just instead of left clicking it click it with your middle mouse button so click it if you will
and like I can bring another one and there's another one I'm just doing I'm just clicking it off and
then the middle mouse button and save instead of going through file open a new excel and something like
this you can just bring up as many of them as you want.
And you know maybe that'll help you out.
Maybe there will be a handy trick you'll use someday otherwise you know all of your tabs all of your
worksheets are in one excel and you can freely move them around like this.
I find this is sometimes handy.
Anyway back to our research or analysis.
I'm going to zoom in here and I'm going to select all of this and I'll do it.
I'll I'll put in a filter like this this time.
So we'll order largest to smallest.
There we go.
So remember you don't need to copy the top religiously each copy.
You don't need to copy the header you just copy all the data.
There you go copy and paste it in here.
Voila there it is.
Is in there.
Now one thing you should keep in mind I'm going to expand this by the way.
Here's our.
Here is our confusion matrix.
It's a working totally fine.
So that's that's good.
That's exciting.
You can see that the total in here is ten thousand a record so easy here 10000 You can always just do
that check.
And the other thing I wanted to mention was look in these formulas you can see that I've put them up
to a million.
So they go this far and it goes from here all the way down to a million.
This formula goes from there all the way down to million.
So just to make sure if you have a more than a million records in your data set.
Well first of all probably excel won't fit them.
But anyway just make sure that you're not exceeding this limit if you are you might have to adjust this
formula otherwise everything looks good.
We've copied our data and now we're going to do this part.
So I'm going to just delete this text and you can just go ahead and drag on like that or the fastest
way is just double click this little square and they get dragged all the way down to like I'm going
to press control down.
And here you can see that.
Exactly how much we need.
Ok everything looks good.
All you have to do now is the last bid just select through control hold down control so e g and i insert
line this line.
Bam.
Get rid of the legend.
All done.
That's how you use the cap curve template as you can see it's the same result as we had previously.
If you want to insert a shape just go ahead.
Hold down shift and there will be a vertical line.
There you go.
So that's eight and a half percent.
That's how you use the cap curve template.
It's all yours to take away and use in your own work.
That's it.
Have fun and enjoy.
And I will see you in the next tutorial.
Until next time happy analyzing